Resolves #453: Support building an index in parallel (#454)
FoundationDB/fdb-record-layer: docs/ReleaseNotes.md

* **Performance** Improvement 3 [(Issue #NNN)](https://github.com/FoundationDB/fdb-record-layer/issues/NNN)
* **Performance** Improvement 4 [(Issue #NNN)](https://github.com/FoundationDB/fdb-record-layer/issues/NNN)
* **Performance** Improvement 5 [(Issue #NNN)](https://github.com/FoundationDB/fdb-record-layer/issues/NNN)

> * **Feature** Add methods in `OnlineIndexer` for supporting building an index in parallel [(Issue #453)](https://github.com/FoundationDB/fdb-record-layer/issues/453)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Feature** Add methods in `OnlineIndexer` to support building an index in parallel [(Issue #453)](https://github.com/FoundationDB/fdb-record-layer/issues/453)
```

I think? It probably doesn't actually matter one way or t'other.
